{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21140\viewh10980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Management System\
Login in the system with the supervisor access authority, click manager button at the right side of main UI\
\
ManageEmployee:\
Choose Employee List in the top menu bar to get into manageEmployee UI\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 1.Add new employee info\
Manager click the add button in the bottom of Manager UI. the new window is visible and type in the new employees information in the related textfields. Then click save button to save and close the window. If managers change their mind, they can click cancel and close window.\
2.edit employee info\
Manager selects an employee in the current Employee List. the click edit button and open a new window. Similarly, managers can change and save it, or cancel it.\
3. delete employee info\
Manager selects employees info which isn\'92t needed anymore. then click delete button to delete it.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
ManageProduct:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 Choose Product List in the top menu bar to get into manageProduct UI\
1.Add new product info\
Manager click the add button in the bottom of Manager UI. the new window is visible and type in the new product information in the related textfields. Then click save button to save and close window.\
If the managers change their mind, they can click cancel and close window.\
2.edit product info\
Manager selects an product in the current Product List. the click edit button and open a new window. Similarly, managers can change and save it, or cancel it.\
3. delete product info\
Manager selects products info which isn\'92t needed anymore. then click delete button to delete it.\
}